Add changelog for recent yaml 1.2 change (#6626)
owncloud/ocis: changelog/unreleased/config-yaml-1-2.md

Change: YAML configuration files are restricted to yaml-1.2

For parsing YAML based configuration files we utilize the gookit/config module.

> That module as dropped support for older variants of the YAML format. It only
> supports the YAML 1.2 syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That module has dropped support for older variants of the YAML format. It now
only supports the YAML 1.2 syntax.
```
